---
layout: recruiting
title: Free Strategy Call
permalink: /strategy-call/
---

<div class="recruiting-page"><h1 class="join-us">Free Real Estate Business Planning Call</h1><h5 class="join-us-subtitle">Are you a hungry real estate agent looking for more?</h5><p>Dear Fellow Agent:</p><p>Need direction and focus to sell more homes and build your business?</p><p>Our team will meet with you one-on-one to share our agents business plan that immediately will generate leads, appointments, and sales .</p><p>We know how challenging it is to sell real estate.</p><p>You have discount brokerages, competing agents, and hundreds of ways to get clients (all are not equal, we&rsquo;ll tell you).</p><p>It can get overwhelming to stick to a consistent business plan that makes you money.</p><p>Here at Kerby and Cristina Real Estate Experts we&rsquo;ve sold over 3,000+ homes and been in the business for over a decade.</p><p>We want to help you sell more homes and make real estate a full-time career achieving the income you&rsquo;ve always wanted!</p><p>We&rsquo;ll learn about your needs, goals, and why you started selling real estate. We are happy to offer insights on what we would do in your situation to sell more homes.</p><p>We will also share with you what we&rsquo;re doing that works to generate leads and sales for our agents.</p><p>You&rsquo;ll walk away with our proven plan, learn about our systems that help agents on our team sell over 40+ homes a year and earn an income above 100,000+ annually.</p><p>This will help you get the commission consistency and the freedom we all want from the business.</p><hr /><div class="qanda"><p class="section-title">Here are a couple success stories from agents working with me&hellip;</p><p><span class="quote">Allie is in her third year with our team. She has grown deeply in her role and is our highest producing agent selling over 71 homes in 2019. She has 100% embraced the systems we have in place and the support our team offers, and because of that, has been able to make well ove $150,000 annually. Our team's marketing strategies and business plan has allowed her to go from 4 sales in her first year to now being one of the top producing agents in Minnesota. </span></p><p><span class="quote">Rachel left her executive job in corporate America to pursue her dream of being a realtor and the uncapped income potential this career would provide. After a few months into the business as a solo agent she lacked leads and marketing strategies to stay in front of her clients. She connected with Cristina and learned about our team's business plan that allows agents to do what they do best, SELL HOUSES. We taught her systems to follow-up and convert leads into clients so she could have a consistent stream of business. She sold 40 homes with our team&rsquo;s process and business plan.</span></p></div><hr /><p>You don&rsquo;t need to pay a bunch of money to a real estate coach or continue to struggle through the job as a solo agent juggling it all .</p><p>Why are we offering this? Because we want you to have the real estate career and achieve the income you&rsquo;ve always dreamed of. We are confident that with our team's process and systems we can make that dream a reality.</p><p>We also figure we&rsquo;ll do business together someday and I would like to get to know you. We enjoy seeing real estate agents succeed. It&rsquo;s fulfilling, and we love it.</p><p>We invite you to request a free one-on-one business strategy meeting with us. We can meet for coffee, or even if it&rsquo;s more convenient, a phone call or a video conference works, too.</p><p>We have a questionnaire we would like you to fill out so that when we meet so we&rsquo;ll be prepared to offer you specific advice. When you request a call, we will email it to you to complete before the meeting.</p><p>Look forward to meeting with you. Let&rsquo;s grow your business.</p><p>Sincerely,</p><p>Kerby &amp; Cristina Real Estate Experts</p><h1 class="join-us">Request a FREE One-On-One Business Planning Meeting</h1><h5 class="join-us-subtitle">Enter your contact information to schedule your time.</h5><form method="post" class="home-value cta-forms" action="https://formspree.io/join@kcexperts.com" onsubmit="return setReturn()"><fieldset><label for="name">Name*</label> <input type="text" required="" name="name" /> <label for="phone">Phone Number </label> <input type="tel" name="phone" /> <label for="email">Email*</label> <input type="text" required="" name="email" /> <label for="company">Company </label> <input type="text" name="company" /> <label for="city">City </label> <input type="text" name="city" /> <label for="state">State </label> <input type="text" name="state" /> <label for="message">How May I Help You?* </label><textarea name="message" required=""></textarea> <input class="submit light-light" type="submit" value="Apply Now" name="submitrecruitingForm" /> <span class="asterisk">*required</span></fieldset><div class="hidden"><input type="hidden" value="join@kcexperts.com" name="_to" /> <input type="hidden" value="Recruiting Contact Request Message From Your Vyral Careers and Training Video Blog" name="_subject" /> <input type="text" name="_gotcha" /></div></form></div>
